# Protocol

**Attendees:** Philipp, Elke, Andreas, Franz

## Protocol

## Housekeeping
- Philipp was unanimously chosen as the workgroup manager
- Workgroup Call will take place every 2nd monday at 14:00 - 15:00
- Group will discuss topics regarding
  - conventions
  - oihdatarecord (core model)
  - versioning
  - other superordinated topics

## Versioning
- Everyone reads the current documentation to have a common base to start the discussion
- Question: Do we need the "Impacts on..." column within the ModelChanges.md?
- Thresholds may need to be reconsidered

# OIHDataRecord
- Franz reads into the OIHDataRecord
- A transactionID could be useful to identify transactions made on a specific data record
- Does the oihUid apply to both response and request for an update?

# Conventions
- Do we allow elements & attributes? Discussion postponed to next meeting

## Next Steps
- [ ] Talk to Lutz about transactionIDs within the oihdatarecord **Elke**
- [ ] Read into the versioning documentation **all**
- [ ] Reconsider thresholds for incorporating proposed model changes **all*
